Changes for use in the event Processor of the NSB addition to waveforms (#2980)
cta-observatory/ctapipe: docs/changes/2980.feature.rst

This allows to use WaveformModifier in the ProcessorTool,

> to increase the NSB level in the MC (to match observations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``WaveformModifier`` class introduced in ctapipe 0.30 can now be used in ``ctapipe-process``
to increase the simulated NSB level to match observations.
```

and I think there needs to be a second `api` snippet here, since you changed the signature of the `WaveformModifier.__call__`.
